SesameTools is a collection of useful components for use with the "Sesame":http://openrdf.org RDF framework.  It includes:
* *CachingSail* -- an in-memory cache for Sail data
* *Sesametools common utilities* -- miscellaneous useful classes
* *ConstrainedSail* -- a Sail implementation which interacts only with given named graphs.  Useful for simple access control.
* *DebugSail* -- a verbose Sail implementation, for debugging purposes
* *DecomposeSail* -- a Sail implementation which decomposes tuple queries into individual getStatements calls
* *DeduplicationSail* -- a Sail implementation which avoids duplicate statements.  For use with triple stores such as AllegroGraph which otherwise allow duplicates.
* [[LinkedDataServer]] -- a RESTful web service to publish a Sesame data store as Linked Data
* *MappingSail* -- a Sail which translates between two URI spaces.  Used by LinkedDataServer.
* *N-Quads utilities* -- including an N-Quads parser and writer
* *RDF/JSON utilities* -- including a parser and writer for the Talis "RDF/JSON":http://n2.talis.com/wiki/Talk:RDF_JSON_Specification format.  Includes support for Named Graphs.
* *RDFTransactionSail* -- a write-only Sail which generates RDF transactions instead of performing per-call updates.  Useful for streaming RDF data as described "here":http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.3595
* *ReadOnlySail* -- a read-only Sail implementation
* *ReplaySail* -- a pair of Sail implementations which allow Sail operations to be first recorded to a log file, then reproduced from the log file
* *RepoSail* -- a Sail implementation which wraps a Repository object.  This is essentially the inverse of Sesame's "SailRepository":http://www.openrdf.org/doc/sesame2/api/org/openrdf/repository/sail/SailRepository.html
* *Sesamize* -- command-line tools for Sesame
* *WriteOnlySail* -- a write-only Sail implementation

See also the "Sesametools API":http://fortytwo.net/projects/sesametools/api/.

*Credits*: SesameTools is written and maintained by "Joshua Shinavier":https://github.com/joshsh.  Patches have been contributed by "fkleedorfer":https://github.com/fkleedorfer and "Peter Ansell":https://github.com/ansell.  The RDF/JSON parser and writer contain code by "Hannes Ebner":http://www.csc.kth.se/~hebner/.
